For most students the weekend
represented two days of fun.
freedom. and in the case of my brother
a chance to ignore all forms of hygiene.
Come on! Come on!
To me however it represented...
An unwelcome break from education.
Whoo! Thank the Lord!
But this wasn't
a typical weekend
because this was the weekend
I got to do my parents taxes.
Howdy do. W-2.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Synced & corrected by MaxPayne
== https://subscene.com ==
"If you were not covered
by retirement plan
but your spouse was. see
the worksheet done page14
Try and stop me.
Mom. I was going through our expenditure
and noticed our grocery bills are up 12%
compare to last quarter. Any idea why?
Theres a person at the end
of table that eats for free
Theres a person at the other end of table
that eats for three.
I've been buying groceries
for the church fooddrive.
I think thats it.
Ooh. I bet I could write that off.
Including the gas it took to
drive to the grocery store.
And then to the church.
With all that driving. maybe she can
count her car as a home office.
Sounds aggressive. but I like
how you're thinking.
None of that is necessary.
It's for charity.
Whats the point of charity
if there is no tax benefits.
Eat your peas.
I like how he's thinking.
You eat your peas. too.
Dad. banking question.
Whats that. buddy?
I noticed theres a check missing
I have a copy of check 128
and a copy of check 130.
but 129 wasn't there
Oh. yeah. don't worry about it.
But I enjoy worrying;
I find it very relaxing.
Course you do.
I balanced the rest of the account
and it appears to be
a check for $300
All right. well.
lets just put it down for
for $300 for miscellaneous.
I've never labeled anything
miscellaneous in my life.
I'll go ask Mom.
Wait.
I just remembered.
I gave the money to a friend.
- Who?
- It doesn't matter who.
Why'd you give it to them?
They needed it. It's...
It's like charity.
Ooh. another write-off. excellent.
Hey. Hey. hey. hey.
What do you say
we keep this quiet.
You mean like a secret?
No. no. just. you know.
something between you and me.
What about Mom?
Mom is on a need-to-know basis.
What if Mom needs to know?
Okay. its a secret.
Just trust me.
It is better for everyone
if she doesn't know about this.
But I'm not good at keeping secrets.
Its not hard.
Just keep your mouth shut.
But I'm not good at
keeping my mouth shut.
Sheldon. all you got to do
is be cool.
Be cool.
He might as well have asked
me to fly around backyard
- Good night. baby.
- Night. Mama.
- Love you.
- Love you. too.
Oh. hello.
I was just brushing my teeth
like I do every night.
Nothing new there.
You all right?
Yes. I'm cool.
I'm very cool.
Tell Sheldon what cool means.
Hush.
Sweet dreams.
Love you.
Love you. too.
because you're my mom.
You're so weird.
More than usual?
No. I guess not.
Perfect.
To avoid looking suspicious
I tried to interact with my mom
as little as possible.
Thankfully. its rude to
speak with your mouthful
You look tired. baby.
Sleep okay?
Mm-hmm.
So how big a tax refund
you think we're gonna get?
Mm.
- Mornin.
I slept in the nude last night.
Felt every little breeze.
Thank you for sharing that.
You're welcome.
- Fight. you cowards. fight!
- You fight. Skeletor.
Mare! You've got any batteries?
Look in the drawer
by the refrigerator.
There was only
so much food I could eat
so I started avoiding my mother
whenever possible.
What're you doing in there?
Keeping our secret.
You got to pull it together.
This is me pulling it together.
- Pull harder.
- Find em?
Yeah.
Got them. Thanks!
You're very welcome.
Hey! Have you notice...
Anything off with Sheldon?
Uh. no. no. no...
Why?
He's been awful quiet. and.
at the risk of being delicate
he's gone several days
without a bowl movement.
How do you know that?
Well. I was worried about him.
so I took a look in his potty journal.
He's still keeping that thing.
Oh. yeah. thats why he wanted
the polaroid camera.
Uh. well. I'm sure
he's gonna be fine.
Uh. but I'll keep an eye on him.
- Thank you.
- You got it.
- Shes gone.
- Thank you.
Batteries are in this drawer.
We got a problem.
I don't know how much longer
Sheldon can hold it out?
This is why I did not want
you to write a check.
Well. I'm sorry. I don't have
that kind of cash lying around.
I do not want Mary
to find out about this.
Well. what about Sheldon?
The kid hasn't pooped in days.
he might pop!
Slip a little Metamucil into his
apple juice. he'll be fine.
Why don't we just come clean?
All right. sure.
we could do that.
You could rat me out to Marry and
I could tell her what you did
at the church picnic
Come on.
Now you're just playing dirty.
We sink or swim together. George.
We sink or swim together.
Grandmas are supposed to be nice.
What went wrong with you?
Avoiding my
mother in our own house
was proving to be difficult.
so it was time to get creative.
Hello. I'd like to book
a room in your hotel.
I'd be arriving tonight.
No. its just me.
Ooh. a queen bed.
that sounds fancy.
And how much would this room cost?
Wow. Is that per month?
Per day?
By any chance. do you have
childrens rate?
We've been friends for a while now.
Haven't we?
I suppose so.
Given that. how would you
feel about a sleepover.
Sure. Your mom wants
you to watch Tv.
Jake and the Fatman
is on tonight.
I meant we could
sleep at your house.
But you'll miss
Jake and the Fatman.
Even better.
So. what'd you say?
I'll have to ask my mom.
Well. be sure to tell her
I'm clean. I'm well behaved
and if you don't have
a lot of room
I can fit in really tight spaces.
So your first sleepover.
Pretty exciting. huh?
No. Its not exciting.
its constipating...
and I'm only doing it
to avoid Mom.
But still. first sleepover.
Its fun stuff.
Okay. I know youre having
a tough time with this
but... you're doing great.
You spend some time
in Tam's house.
You know. clear your head.
and come back home refresh
- And then I can tell Mom?
- Oh. no. you can never tell Mom.
Wouldn't it be easier
to just be honest.
Usually. it would be. but...
sometimes the truth can hurt people.
- We wouldn't want to hurt Mom. right?
- Of course not.
Attaboy.
Hey. here's a funny prank you can try...
When Tam falls asleep. put some
shaving cream in his
hand and then tickle his nose.
Why?
Cause then hell go to.
you know. scratch his nose.
and he gets shaving
cream on his face.
- And then what?
- Well... that-thats it.
But I'm a guest in their home
and that doesn't seem like
a very good way
to repay their kindness.
Never mind.
And what if the shaving cream gets
in his eyes. that would sting.
Sorry I mentioned it.
Also. I didn't bring my own shaving cream
I'd have to use his dads.
Forget it!
- Hello.
- Hi. You must be Mrs...
Tams mom.
I'm Sheldons dad. George Cooper.
- Nice to meet you.
- Thanks for letting him spend the night.
Its his first sleepover.
He is excited.
Actually. I'm quite apprehens...
He's really looking forward to it.
Uh. in case something comes up.
just give us a holler.
I mean. a call. If you hollered.
we wouldn't hear you.
That-that was a joke.
Okay. buddy. have fun.
Visiting Tam's house for the
first time was an emotional rollar-coaster
For example. its traditional
in Vietnamese homes
to have gruesome religious
iconography near the entrance.
I did not like that.
However. its also customary to
not wear shoes around the house
for sanitary reasons.
I did like that.
Interestingly. one of the main
ingredients in Vietnamese cooking
is an extremely pungent
condiment known as fish sauce.
I did not like that.
But before every meal.
its common for everyone to
wash their hands and face
I did like that.
Forks are not customary
in Vietnamese household.
I did not like that.
And instead of napkins. there was one
towel for everyone to share at the table.
Seriously. what are they thinking!
I cant help thinking.
How odd it is
that Shelly volunteered
to go on a sleepover.
Oh. I don't know.
- Hmm?
- He's growing up.
Its natural for a young boy
to wanna spread his wings
a little bit. Try something new.
Thats nonsense.
Last week. I brought home the Raisin
Bran with the sugar on Raisins...
He almost lost his mind.
If you ask me.
you're worried about nothing.
Maybe its me. maybe
I did something to upset him.
What are you talking about?
He loves you like crazy.
Much more than he loves this one.
Its true.
I don't know.
I just feel like something isn't right.
Mom. I got my hair stuck
in my zipper!
Thats the kid you need
to be worried about.
Okay. Connie. why
wouldn't we just come clean?
No.
You heard her!
Now shes blaming herself.
And Sheldons so upset
he's-he's acting like a regular kid.
- All right. lets tell her.
- Thank you.
But first I'm gonna tell her
what you did at the picnic.
- Oh. Mary!
- Okay. okay. shh.
I don't know how much longer
we can keep this going.
I'm willing to find out.
So. this game is called
Mystic Warlords of...
Its pretty fun.
There are six kinds of
Secret warlords.
- Secret warlords.
- Its a secret.
Have you noticed anything
off with Sheldon!
Something between me and you.
Mom is on a need-to-know basis.
I took a little look
in his potty journal.
- Its a secret.
- Several days without a bowl movement.
- Sheldon.
- Secret.
- A secret.
- Sheldon!
Did you hear anything I said.
Sorry. I was reliving
a traumatic experience.
What do you mean?
Tam. I have a secret thats weighing
on me and I need to tell someone.
Okay. Tell me.
But I promised I wouldn't.
Okay. Then don't.
But its driving me crazy.
Too bad youre not Catholic.
You could confess it to a priest.
Thats a great idea.
You're Catholic.
I'll confess it to you.
- I'm not a priest.
- I'm not a Catholic.
It makes perfect sense.
Okay. whenever you're ready.
- What are you doing?
- I'm assuming the position.
Okay.
Forgive me. Tam.
for I've sinned.
This is my first confession.
I forgive you. my son.
I was doing my parents taxes
and noticed a check was missing.
- I asked my father about it...
- As I walked Tam
through the whole sorted affair
I could feel a weight
lifting off my shoulders.
It was a relief to finally
unburden myself of this deception.
By the time I reached the end.
I felt like a new person.
Thats the whole story.
Cool. Can we play now?
And now that my conscience
have been cleared
my colon was ready to do the same.
Excuse me.
I need to use your bathroom.
Thank you for letting
me sleep in your bed.
My father taught me that
we must always honor our guest.
and treat them with
a utmost courteasy.
The Vietnamese are very welcoming people.
Yeah. that hasn't always worked out for us.
Do you think. your Dad would ever ask you
to keep a secret from your mom?
Oh. no.
He's so honest. its annoying.
Enough talking.
Sleep now.
She's just annoying.
Well. you did it.
How was your first sleepover?
They feed you any weird food?
When I was in Nam.
we ate fish soup for breakfast.
Sheldon. I'm talking to you.
Well. I'm not talking to you.
Okay. whats going on?
After having my first
good night sleep in a week
I woke up with
a fresh perspective.
And that is...?
It was irresponsible of you
to burden me with that secret.
Sheldon. we've been through this.
Okay... Its..
Its complicated.
While I may not look up to you
from an intellectual standpoint
I've always looked up
to you as a role model.
I can't do that anymore.
And don't worry...
we made a deal.
I'll continue to keep our secret.
Hey.
Whats up?
Um. I need to tell you something.
What did you do?
When Sheldon was doing our taxes
he noticed a missing check.
What did you do?
Before I answer.
do you trust me enough
to understand it was
for a good reason.
And j-just leave it at that?
What did you do?
Its all your mother's fault. She's a bad
person. I've been telling you for years.
What did you do?
- Okay. now. before I answer that
- Just tell me. what you did?
- I got a DWI.
- Mom!
- Its not as bad as it sounds.
- How is driving drunk not bad?
- I wasnt exactly driving.
- I don't follow.
I was at the dog track with Georgie
and I had a few...
Georgie?
With God as my witness. I've never
been to the dog track in life.
She knows.
Oh. I've been there bunch...
Will someone please tell me.
what happened?
Okay. me and Meemaw were
in the bar at the...
You took him to a bar?
He wasn't drinking.
She had a few...
too many margaritas
so I drove us home.
But you don't have a license.
Thats why we swapped places
after Cop pulled us over.
- Oh. dear Lord.
- I had nothing to do with this part.
- Shut up.
- Will do.
I didn't want Georgie
to get into trouble.
so I got behind the wheel
before the cop popped out...
And then I got arrested.
he bailed me out.
So you all thought
you should keep this from me.
- Absolutely.
- 100%.
Okay. heres whats gonna happen...
You and you are
staying at her house
until I say otherwise.
One could argue
I was a hero in this story.
You went gambling and
you drove without a license
and you lied to my face.
Heroically.
Go.
I love everything about this.
I'm guessing youre mad at me.
Aw. forget about it.
I appreciate you not...
ratting me out about the picnic.
Well. we had a deal.
Besides. your marriage
is already hanging by...
It is dangling there.
All right. well. I'm all...
Mmm.
Good night.
Night!
Hello?
Last church picnic. your husband
snuck in a six-pack.
....the whole thing
then went to wait in
line for the bathroom
Hey.
- You got an extra toothbrush?
- Under the sink. darlin.
- Thanks.
- You got it.
So then the big gorilla decides
he doesn't want to wait in line.
so he stumbles over to the
church vegetable garden
and proceeds to irrigate
the whole damn thing.
- I've eaten those vegetables.
- Sweet dreams.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org